docs: add library & referral section (#745)
BoltzExchange/boltz-backend: docs/libraries.md

---
description: >-
  Integrating Boltz API directly is involved and not to be underestimated. To
  save on time and resources, we highly recommend exploring the different Boltz

>   API library options below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  library options below.
```

---

> # 📙 Libraries

Reviewer: All references to libraries should have Github links to the repos

## TypeScript

> boltz-core, used in Boltz Web App

Reviewer: And also the backend

## Go

> boltz-client/boltz used by Boltz-BTCPay

Reviewer: First of all, that's not possible yet: https://github.com/BoltzExchange/boltz-client/issues/356
Also, the Go library is not used by the BTCPay plugin itself

## Rust & Dart

> Bull Rust and Dart library: Used in Aqua & Bull

Reviewer: What is Bull Rust supposed to be?
It's `boltz-rust` which is developed by Bull Bitcoin: https://github.com/SatoshiPortal/boltz-rust/

> Breez SDK: used in Stashpay

Reviewer: Breez SDK is using Greenlight. You mean the Breez Liquid SDK
Also, that is not a library but an SDK which is based on boltz-rust

## Python

> boltz-client-python with warning currently outdated, used in lnbits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
boltz-client-python which is currently unmaintained and is based on the *deprecated* API v1; used in LNbits
```

> boltz-client-python with warning currently outdated, used in lnbits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
boltz-client-python which is currently unmaintained and is based on the *deprecated* API v1; used in LNbits
```
